World's BEST FUDGIEST Brownie recipe from: https://cafedelites.com/worlds-best-fudgiest-brownies/


INGREDIENTS
1 cup 8oz/240g unsalted vegan butter, melted and cooled

AD
2 tablespoons (30ml) vegetable oil
1 1/4 cups (9oz/260g) white sugar
1 cup (7oz/200g) packed light brown sugar
mashed bananas
1 tablespoon (15ml) pure vanilla extract
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup (3.5oz/130g) all purpose flour
1 cup (3.5oz/100g) good quality, unsweetened cocoa powder
7 oz (200g) roughly chopped vegan chocolate or large chocolate chips
INSTRUCTIONS
Preheat oven to 175°C | 350°F.
Lightly grease an 8x12-inch baking pan* with cooking oil spray. Line with parchment paper (or baking paper); set aside.

AD
Combine melted butter, oil and sugars together in a medium-sized bowl. Whisk well to combine. Add the eggs and vanilla; beat until lighter in colour (another minute).
Sift in flour, cocoa powder and salt. Gently fold the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients until JUST combined (do NOT over beat as doing so well affect the texture of your brownies).
Fold in 3/4 of the chocolate pieces.
Pour batter into prepared pan, smoothing the top out evenly, and top with remaining chocolate pieces.
Bake for 25-30 minutes for just under-done brownies (fudgier texture) or until the centre of the brownies no longer jiggles and is JUST set to the touch.
OR 35-40 minutes if you like your brownies well set and firm.
NOTE: Brownies will continue baking and set in the hot pan out of the oven. If testing with a toothpick, the toothpick should come out dirty for fudge-textured brownies.

AD
After 15-20 minutes, carefully remove them out of the pan and allow to cool to room temperature before slicing into 16 brownies. They set while they cool.
ENJOY!
OPTIONAL ADD INS:
Crushed walnuts, peanuts, almonds, pecans, etc. Chocolate chips, peanut butter chips, shredded coconut, dried fruit (cranberries, raisins, etc)
STORING:
Store at room temperature for 3 days, or refrigerator for up to 5 days. These brownies can also be frozen for up to 3 months. Thaw overnight the refrigerator and bring to room temperature before serving OR reheat in the microwave.
